UPSTAC (Unified Platform for Syndromic Mapping, Testing, Analytics and Consultation)

Features of the application:
-------------------------------
	1. Requests for lab tests and health check up can be made online
	2. A real time notification of the test results will be received
	3. The application can be utilized for the updating heath parameters of the patients.
	4. Doctors can also use this application for fatser diagnosis of patients
	5. Test result data of anonymous users can be utilised for research purposes
	6. Government can use the data to decide the lockdown/unlock protocols.

Major Requirements:- COVID Situation
  ● Once the important parameters(Body Temp, heart rate, o2 ) are recorded, these would be updated accordingly by the testers through the application itself. The testers will then go back to their labs and perform the lab tests on the sample and deduce if the person is tested positive or negative.
  The testers can then accordingly upload the same information on the app.
  These test results can be viewed by the requested patients.
  ● Similarly, on the doctors’ end, a doctor can see the health parameters of the patient and also the test results and accordingly suggest to the patient if he/she is in need for immediate hospitalization or quarantine or can be considered safe. For example, a patient who might have very extreme health parameters such as high temperature & fluctuating breathing may be classified as “In need for immediate hospitalization”.
  ● Finally, the health department should be able to view the details of all patients, ensuring that the required patients are immediately hospitalized. A classification algorithm may also be run to identify the lockdown/unlock protocols of the localities.

Actors:
	Lab Tester
	Patient
	Doctor
	Government Authority

Application WorkFlow -01 - For COVID Related:
---------------------------------------------------
Pre-requisites:
	User(All the actors) already registered

Step 1:
		Actor: Patient
		Case: Raise a request for lab test.

Step 2:
		Actor: Medical Staff / Lab Tester
		Case: They visit localities, measure crictical parameters - Body Temp, heart rate, o2 and send for testing facility

Step 3:
		Actor: Medical Staff / Lab Tester
		Case: Use App, to add the above collected records to the application along with -> UID, age, location

Step 4:
		Actor: Medical Staff / Lab Tester
		Case: Send sample for testing and results are udpated in a table

Step 5:
		Actor: Medical Staff / Lab Tester
		Case: Send the notification via email/phone.

Step 6:
		Actor: Doctor
		Case: Validates and Checks the parameters and decide the criticality of the patient based on the reports and suggest for consulatation if needed.

Step 7:
		Actor: Government Authority
		Case: Decide to confine the area/zone.

Step 8:
		Actor: Government Authority
		Case: impose lockdown based on the reports


Assignment:
	Application WorkFlow -01 - For NON-COVID Related:

Components of the Application:
	1. Backend Layer -  Java + Frameworks - Spring Boot +
	2. Frontend Layer - React - HTML5 and CSS3
	3. Database Layer - MySQL / H2 -> In Memory DB

Classes that are required for our UPSTAC application are as follows:
	Entities:
		User -> id(autogenerated), firstName, lastName,...
		Role -> id, desc, name => DOCTOR, PATIENT, GOV_AUTH, LAB_TESTER

	Relationship:
		User(N) : Role (1)

	LoginRequest
	RegisterRequest
	TestRequest
	TestRequestFlow
		TestStatus
	LabResult
	Consultation

Database Tables
	User -> id, Address, dob, password, status,. ....
	Role ->  id, desc, name
	Document -> id, content_type, file_name, size, url, user_id
	TestRequest ->request_id, created_by_id, age, email, gender, tests_requested
	TestRequestFlow -> id, from_status, to_status, happend_on(date), assigned_to
	Lab_Result -> result_id, bp, heart_beat, oxygen_level, temp, updated_on, tester_id, user_id,
	Consultation -> id, comments, request_result_id, doctor_id, suggestions
	User_Roles -> user_id, roles_id pk(user_id, roles_id)

Spring Framework
	The Spring Framework provides a comprehensive programming and configuration model for modern Java-based enterprise applications - on any kind of deployment platform.

	Advantages of Spring Framework
	1) Predefined Templates
		templates for JDBC, Hibernate, JPA
	2) Loose Coupling
		The Spring applications are loosely coupled because of dependency injection.
	3) Easy to test
		The Dependency Injection makes easier to test the application.
	4) Lightweight
	5) Fast Development
	6) Powerful abstraction
		JMS, JDBC and JPA

Dependency Injection:
	Inversion of Control
		-> Giving the control for spring to create objects.
	IoC Container responsible for
		to instantiate the application class
		to configure the object
		to assemble the dependencies between the objects

	There are two types of IoC containers. They are:
		BeanFactory
		ApplicationContext

	Dependency Injection
		by Constructor
		by Setter

	Autowiring in Spring
		Autowiring feature of spring framework enables you to inject the object dependency implicitly. It internally uses setter or constructor injection.
		Autowiring can't be used to inject primitive and string values. It works with reference only.

	Autowiring Modes
		1)	no	It is the default autowiring mode. It means no autowiring bydefault.
		2)	byName	The byName mode injects the object dependency according to name of the bean. In such case, property name and bean name must be same. It internally calls setter method.
			<bean id="a" class="org.sssit.A" autowire="byName"></bean>
		3)	byType	The byType mode injects the object dependency according to type. So property name and bean name can be different. It internally calls setter method.
		4)	constructor	The constructor mode injects the dependency by calling the constructor of the class. It calls the constructor having large number of parameters.

Spring Boot Framework
	Spring Boot is a project that is built on the top of the Spring Framework. It provides an easier and faster way to set up, configure, and run both simple and web-based applications.


	Spring Framework  +  Embedded HTTP Server(Tomcat, Jetty) - XML<bean> Configuration or @Configuration = Spring Boot

JAR File:
	Aggregation of  many Java class files and associated metadata and resources into one file for distribution

Why Spring Boot?
	The dependency injection approach is used in Spring Boot.
	It contains powerful database transaction management capabilities.
	It simplifies integration with other Java frameworks like JPA/Hibernate ORM, Struts, etc.
	It reduces the cost and development time of the application.

Advantages of Spring Boot
	It creates stand-alone Spring applications that can be started using Java -jar.
	It tests web applications easily with the help of different Embedded HTTP servers such as Tomcat, Jetty, etc. We don't need to deploy WAR files.
	It provides opinionated 'starter' POMs to simplify our Maven configuration.
	It provides production-ready features such as metrics, health checks, and externalized configuration.
	There is no requirement for XML configuration.
	It offers a CLI tool for developing and testing the Spring Boot application.
	It offers the number of plug-ins.
	It also minimizes writing multiple boilerplate codes (the code that has to be included in many places with little or no alteration), XML configuration, and annotations.
	It increases productivity and reduces development time.
Limitations of Spring Boot
	Spring Boot can use dependencies that are not going to be used in the application. These dependencies increase the size of the application.

Spring boot provides starter templates:
	Example:
			STARTER											DEPENDENCIES
			spring-boot-starter							spring-boot, spring-context, spring-beans
			spring-boot-starter-jersey				jersey-container-servlet-core, jersey-container-servlet, jersey-server
			spring-boot-starter-actuator			spring-boot-actuator, micrometer-core
			spring-boot-starter-aop					spring-aop, aspectjrt, aspectjweaver
			spring-boot-starter-data-rest			spring-hateoas, spring-data-rest-webmvc
			spring-boot-starter-hateoas			spring-hateoas
			spring-boot-starter-logging			logback-classic, jcl-over-slf4j, jul-to-slf4j
			spring-boot-starter-log4j2				log4j2, log4j-slf4j-impl
			spring-boot-starter-security			spring-security-web, spring-security-config
			spring-boot-starter-test					spring-test, spring-boot,junit,mockito, hamcrest-library, assertj, jsonassert, json-path
			spring-boot-starter-web-services	spring-ws-core
		GitHub Link:
			https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-boot/tree/main/spring-boot-project/spring-boot-starters

Sample Spring Boot Architecture:
	DEPARTMENT-SERVICE
	@SpringBootApplication
		-> entity: Department -> departmentId, departmentName, departmentAddress, departmentCode
		->repository:
			DepartmentRepository extends JpaRepository<Department, Long>
				Department findByDepartmentId(Long departmentId);

	-> service
		DepartmentService
					Department saveDepartment(Department department)
					Department findDepartmentById(Long departmentId)
					List<Department> fetchDepartmentList(Long departmentId
	-> controller ->DepartmentController
			/departments -> GET
			/departments/{id} -> GET
			/departments/{id} -> DELETE
			/departments -> POST -> RequestBody
			/departments-> PUT -> RequestBody

HTTP Methods - Creare Read Update Delete
	GET  	-> Read
	POST 	-> Create
	PUT 	-> Update
	DELETE -> Delete

HTTP Response status codes
	Informational responses (100–199)
	Successful responses (200–299)
		200 OK -> GET
		201 Created -> POST
	Redirects (300–399)
	Client errors (400–499)
		400 Bad Request - The server could not understand the request due to invalid syntax.
		401 Unauthorized - Authentication
		404 Not Found - The server can not find the requested resource.
	Server error responses
		500 Internal Server Error - The server has encountered a situation it doesn't know how to handle.
		503 Service Unavailable
		504 Gateway Timeout
		
During Start of Application:
	Hibernate: 
	create table department (
	   department_id bigint not null,
		department_address varchar(255),
		department_code varchar(255),
		department_name varchar(255),
		primary key (department_id)
	)
Hibernate: 
    call next value for hibernate_sequence
Hibernate: 
    insert 
    into
        department
        (department_address, department_code, department_name, department_id) 
    values
        (?, ?, ?, ?)
Hibernate: 
    select
        department0_.department_id as departme1_0_,
        department0_.department_address as departme2_0_,
        department0_.department_code as departme3_0_,
        department0_.department_name as departme4_0_ 
    from
        department department0_


